Add more guidelines on the use of aliyun-oss-extensions (#11420)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-contrib/aliyun-oss-extensions.md

  ~ under the License.
  -->

[Alibaba Cloud](https://www.aliyun.com) is the 3rd largest cloud infrastructure provider in the world. It provides its own storage solution known as OSS, [Object Storage Service](https://www.aliyun.com/product/oss).
This document describes how to use OSS as Druid deep storage.

## Installation

> Use [pull-deps](../../operations/pull-deps.md) tool shipped with Druid to install this [extension](../../development/extensions.md#community-extensions) on middle manager and historical nodes.

Reviewer: I might explicitly give the name of the extension here, since the link takes you to the section with all extensions. 
 
```suggestion
Use the [pull-deps](../../operations/pull-deps.md) tool shipped with Druid to install the `aliyun-oss-extensions` extension, as described [here](../../development/extensions.md#community-extensions) on middle manager and historical nodes.
```

```bash
java -classpath "{YOUR_DRUID_DIR}/lib/*" org.apache.druid.cli.Main tools pull-deps -c org.apache.druid.extensions.contrib:aliyun-oss-extensions:{YOUR_DRUID_VERSION}
```

## Enabling

After installation, add this `aliyun-oss-extensions` extension to `druid.extensions.loadList` in common.runtime.properties and then restart middle manager and historical nodes.

## Configuration

> First add following OSS configurations to common.runtime.properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First add the following OSS configurations to common.runtime.properties
```

|Property|Description|Required|
|--------|---------------|-----------|

> |`druid.oss.accessKey`|the `AccessKey ID` of your account which can be used to access the OSS bucket|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.oss.accessKey`|The `AccessKey ID` of the account to be used to access the OSS bucket|yes|
```

> |`druid.oss.secretKey`|the `AccessKey Secret` of your account which can be used to access the OSS bucket| yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.oss.secretKey`|The `AccessKey Secret` of the account to be used to access the OSS bucket| yes|
```

> |`druid.oss.endpoint`|the endpoint url of your OSS storage. <br/>If your Druid cluster is also hosted in the same region on Alibaba Cloud as the region of your OSS bucket, it's recommended to use the internal network endpoint url, so that any inbound and outbound traffic to the OSS bucket is free of charge. | yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.oss.endpoint`|The endpoint URL of your OSS storage. <br/>If your Druid cluster is also hosted in the same region on Alibaba Cloud as the region of your OSS bucket, it's recommended to use the internal network endpoint url, so that any inbound and outbound traffic to the OSS bucket is free of charge. | yes|
```

> to use OSS as deep storage, add following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use OSS as deep storage, add the following configurations:
```

|Property|Description|Required|
|--------|---------------|-----------|
|`druid.storage.type`| Global deep storage provider. Must be set to `oss` to make use of this extension. |yes|

> |`druid.storage.oss.bucket`|storage bucket name.| yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.storage.oss.bucket`|Storage bucket name.| yes |
```

> |`druid.storage.oss.prefix`| folder where segments will be published to. `druid/segments` is recommended. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.storage.oss.prefix`| Folder where segments will be published to. `druid/segments` is recommended. | No |
```

If OSS is used as deep storage for segment files, it's also recommended saving index logs in the OSS too. 
To do this, add following configurations:

|Property|Description|Required|
|--------|---------------|-----------|
|`druid.indexer.logs.type`| Global deep storage provider. Must be set to `oss` to make use of this extension. | yes |

> |`druid.indexer.logs.oss.bucket`|the bucket used to keep logs. It could be the same as `druid.storage.oss.bucket`| yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.logs.oss.bucket`|The bucket used to keep logs. It could be the same as `druid.storage.oss.bucket`| yes |
```

> |`druid.indexer.logs.oss.prefix`|folder where log files will be published to. `druid/logs` is recommended. | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.logs.oss.prefix`|Folder where log files will be published to. `druid/logs` is recommended. | no |
```

|prefixes|JSON array of URI prefixes for the locations of OSS objects to be ingested. Empty objects starting with one of the given prefixes will be skipped.|`uris` or `prefixes` or `objects` must be set|
|objects|JSON array of [OSS Objects](#oss-object) to be ingested. |`uris` or `prefixes` or `objects` must be set|
|properties|[Properties Object](#properties-object) for overriding the default OSS configuration. See below for more information.|no (defaults will be used if not given)

#### OSS Object

|Property|Description|Default|Required|
|--------|-----------|-------|---------|
|bucket|Name of the OSS bucket|None|yes|
|path|The path where data is located.|None|yes|

#### Properties Object

|Property|Description|Default|Required|
|--------|-----------|-------|---------|
|accessKey|The [Password Provider](../../operations/password-provider.md) or plain text string of this OSS InputSource's access key|None|yes|
|secretKey|The [Password Provider](../../operations/password-provider.md) or plain text string of this OSS InputSource's secret key|None|yes|
|endpoint|The endpoint of this OSS InputSource|None|no|

### Reading from a file 

> Say that the file `rollup-data.json`, which could be found under Druid's `quickstart/tutorial` directory, has been uploaded to a folder `druid` in your OSS bucket, which is the same bucket your Druid is configured , 

Reviewer: Splitting into two sentences. i think this is what's meant, but double check please: 

```suggestion
Say that the file `rollup-data.json`, which can be found under Druid's `quickstart/tutorial` directory, has been uploaded to a folder `druid` in your OSS bucket, the bucket for which your Druid is configured. 
```

> `uri` property of OSS's input source could be used for the reading. 

Reviewer: Should it be `uris` property, rather than `uri`? 

```suggestion
In this case, the `uri` property of the OSS's input source can be used for reading, as shown: 
```

Author: Fixed
